Meeting Title: Oracle || Zo event sponsorship sync

Calendar Event ID: 73dce2cb-583e-40f7-99e7-7fa81edb4cf2

Attendee Emails: email: andrew.z.zaneski@oracle.com
name: Andrew Zaneski

email: chase.gagnon@oracle.com
name: Chase Gagnon

Creator Email: vrijen@mycareerspan.com

Transcript:

 
Me: Hey, gentlemen. How's it going?  
Them: What's up? Good to see you again. It's going great.  
Me: What's up? What's up, man? Good to see you. Good to see you, Andrew. Sorry.  
Them: Nice to meet you.  
Me: My throat's a little. Throat's a little messed up today, but doing okay otherwise.  
Them: Well, that's good to hear. Yeah. Excited to talk again A little bit about Zoe. And the potential for us to potentially help out. But yeah, Andrew, if you want to introduce yourself real quick, he's my manager and the director of one of our directors over here at Oracle. Yeah, I imagine.  
Me: Really, really cool to meet you.  
Them: Yeah. It's really cool to meet you as well. I manage the team out of the New York office. Right. We focus a lot with startups and scale ups. You know, Chase has brought me up to speed on your conversation so far and the interest in having us potentially help out with an event, which is, you know, something we do quite a bit of. So I was just kind of curious to hear more about that and see how we could help.  
Me: Sure, sure. Absolutely. I actually took the liberty of inviting. Oh, gosh. I'm at that water in a second. I took the liberty of inviting Tiffany, who is on the zoo team. She handles their go to market, is collaborating with me on the event. So I'll just sort of start and give you the context for me and Zoe, and hopefully she can join as well. I'm a founder myself, context in which I know Chase. He's been engaging with my wonderful co founder Logan and has just been an absolute star. I think fair to say that despite us being early, we're on a call with Oracle and talking, so he's doing something right and very excited to talk. To y'all, and it's genuinely sort of wanted to do that even before the sponsors produce. So I want to start by acknowledging that Chase has been a great sort of liaison and has done his work well. For my part, Careerspan is a decentralized talent network. What we do is we go to the world's best communities, we give them our career coaching product. That is a product that engages in conversational, guided self reflection that helps people understand themselves more deeply. And then in the process, we get really great qualitative insights into who they are that we can then use to match them to jobs more effectively. So we are at our core data company, which when you hear wework say it. Anyone could say it. But I do think we are. And we place a big priority on sort of picking up and trying to build this really great mental model almost eventually, we foresee it as like a mini vector database. Of your experiences that you sort of fill up over your life, right? You get Careerspan When you're 20, do your first internship, you record your experiences on Careerspan, you get your first job on Careerspan. You're essentially part of that ecosystem which is built to make it very easy in human centric to share your experiences. So anyway, that's a long thing about us, and that's the context for where we're headed. We actually, very excitingly, Chase on Friday just signed with Marvin Ventures. So Marvin Ventures is McKinsey's unofficial sort of alumni fund, and I'm quite close to the partners there. So we're gonna be the law informal, but hopefully it'll be public soon. We're gonna be the sort of talent partner for them and sort of being an access point to their founders. My contacts with Zoe is that I, pardon my French, fucking love their product. It is incredible. You know, I'm a. Non technical founder. I have never felt so liberated to build and build in a way that is aligned with sort of what I'm really good at and familiar with, which is prompting. And they've basically just built a really incredible. Cloud computer server that you can use by prompting. And so I use it for a ton of personal productivity use cases. Zoe was essentially seeing sort of how I was using it and engaging with them. They said, hey, you are clearly an evangelist. Come on board. And then more recently, we've sort of discussed me as a side project, essentially building out these custom productivity implementations that I would sell to VCs as sort of a side hustle. It's just something I'm just really passionate about, building out this kind of stuff. So, yeah, Zoe is like a match made in heaven for me. And then the event on the 5th is one where me and the co founder will be speaking about AI and building with AI and productivity with AI.  
Them: All right. So you. You just answered the first question on my. My interrogation sheet here.  
Me: Amazing.  
Them: The event is on the the event is on the 5th of November.  
Me: Yes. 5th of November, I believe. I don't know how long. Let me see the Luma here real quick. One second, but yeah.  
Them: That is right around the corner.  
Me: It's right around the corner. So everything's set up from their end. They have an office in Williamsburg. That's where they were gonna bring folks. They're organizing it with AI Circle. So those folks have a pretty strong distribution. I'll be promoting it as well, a little bit. Quite a bit, because. We're certainly in my interest to do so, but that is sort of the logistics of the event are essentially handled. And I think they're frankly even fine with it. I think from their perspective, they're more so looking to make IRL events a big part of their growth strategy. And I can say as A two candidly describe their ICP so that you can decide whether this is an audience that you're interested in. I think Zoe.  
Them: Yeah, I was going to ask about audience.  
Me: Is no, totally. And that's the real question. Right. I think Zoe is at present, for a more early stage, founder. Audience, either to build their personal systems that enhance how they work as founders, or to build their actual MVPs on Zoe, which is also possible and is sort of what effectively my side project is. So I can tell you for a fact that that's part of their long term vision is to essentially be a marketplace. Where folks can build and exchange on Zoe.  
Them: Okay, now that, that, that makes sense to me and that that audience aligns with what we would be interested in. Do you know and you may not. Is it exclusive invitation only or is it open invite?  
Me: I believe it's exclusive. Yeah, I believe you have to apply to apply to get in, but I can check that.  
Them: No. Yeah, if you could check that, that'd be great, because what. What we're concerned about in these types of events.  
Me: You got it.  
Them: Just being the company that we are, public sector and government. Employees. Right? Because once. Once we start seeing those, that creates compliance issues for us on our end.  
Me: Yeah, yeah. Yep.  
Them: So? So that is always a concern.  
Me: Got it. Is that something that y'all would like us to make explicit on the event details? Is that more of a implicit, let's just ideally avoid that crowd and not have.  
Them: Well, yeah, let's. I mean, I. I guess if.  
Me: To, because I don't. For the record, I don't expect that crowd to be there necessarily. I just want to understand. I just want to make sure we do the needful, to make sure your boxes are ticked, you know?  
Them: Yeah. Yeah, I wouldn't either. On that. Yeah. Yeah. But just from a more general sponsorship, is there. Is there, like, an official sponsor perspectives or any sort of contract or anything like that, or is this more informal?  
Me: So this is the point where I was actually hoping Tiff would be. This was the point where I was hoping Tiff would have joined, but I suspect there's something holding her up. Give me just one second to see if I can run her down.  
Them: Yeah, no worries.  
Me: And let me ping. Whoops. Great she's jumping on right now.  
Them: All. Right. Sounds good.  
Me: Amazing. Just sending her the link. Yeah. Glad she can join. I don't want to speak out of turn or on a point that I'm not meant to. Yeah. I'm here purely as a labor of love, because I believe in the product. And. Yeah, I mean, it's a good way to build relationships all around. Right. If we can. Show you guys that there's value in being associated with us.  
Them: Yeah, I appreciate that.  
Me: Give me ones. Do you all know where the link to share is on. Oh, it's slap. No, that's the wrong share. I don't use zoom much. Do you know how?  
Them: If you look in the chat. I just dropped it into the chat.  
Me: Amazing. Thank you. Sorry for being so.  
Them: You're welcome. No, it's all right. I. You know, we. We live on it, right?  
Me: Grali about it? Yeah. Hey, man, we don't have those GPU budget. We don't have that GPU money like y'all do, but. No, that's appreciated. I just sent it over. Should be jumping on momentarily. So, yeah, Tiff is great. Very sort of keen on doing in person and is, yeah, has, I believe, a crypto and sort of working overseas background. Let's grab. Were you based out of Andrew or you're in New York, you said, right? Are you in the city? City?  
Them: No, I saw. I. Right now I'm in. I'm in boston.  
Me: Oh, cool.  
Them: But I'm. I'm down in New York all the time. I grew up on Long island, so I tend to stay there. Yeah.  
Me: Fair enough. Hey, this is Tiffany. Tiffany, this is Andrew and Chase.  
Them: Hey. I'm so sorry. Yeah. Thank you guys for waiting. I. I think there was, like, maybe the event got sent to my spam, but I'm here.  
Me: Don't worry about it. I gave a bunch of contacts. They're probably tired of talk, hearing me talk, so you should go next. But I tried to give him a lay of the land.  
Them: Hi. No, I. I was. You know, I was. I was interrogating, I think, and probably asking too many questions to the point where he's like, I need Tiffany here, so.  
Me: No, all good. Glad. Glad everyone could be together. So Tiff, for context, sort of explained, gave my background, gave the context for us working together, which is, as I said, you know, evangelist and just someone that wants to support Zoe while also sort of growing relationships with both Oracle and Zoe, and then gave them a light outline of the event just in that there is an event on the 5th and sort of me and Ben are talking. But yeah, I would love for you to fill in those gaps and then as well share any other sort of goals or expectations or spec details.  
Them: Yeah, absolutely. So the framing of the event is the target audience. We want our builders. So these are people who, they could be founders, they could be solo entrepreneurs hacking in the beginning of their journey. But the thing that they should all have in common is that they feel like AI is not really, like, working for them. And that you can't really like create stuff with AI given the tools today. They either their platforms that either block you into a specific plan, like a specific AI lab and you can't use any other language models, or they only take care of like part of the journey. Meaning, like you can create a website in isolation, but it can't, like, work with your files. Or you can, you know, host services in, like, one place. But if you want to cobble to something called together something bigger, you need like, another system where you can host other stuff. And so the whole thesis behind Zoe is like, what if we just gave AI an. Andrew computer and that the world today of software is kind of like design in a way, where all these platforms are trying to build defensibility by cutting the user out of something. So, like, oh, okay, you know, if you want to use Google Drive. All right, well, you can use Gemini, but you got to keep all your. Stuff here, right? Or notion. It's like, oh, if you want to, like, upgrade to notion AI, like, you know, like, lock you into notion through the use of AI. Whereas Zoe's Andrew thesis is like thinking from first principles. The user should have access to any tool they want. They should be able to build and own. Anything they. They want. And there really needs to be, like, an overall AI operating system that gives people an actual virtual machine. For them to do whatever they want. So oftentimes we get compared to places like dia, which are great. Like do you guys are great project. But it's not totally the same because it's not a browser, it's actually like a computer. So it has like a virtual workspace on the front end. And on the backend, it has like a virtual machine. So you're. You can do anything. Like, you can create anything with AI, you can deploy anything with AI, and, yeah, sky's the limit. So happy to share. Like, I love that. Right? And I was gonna say, like, you know, that sounds a lot like, you know, the way that we speak here at Oracle Cloud. Right. The events, like right around the corner. So from, like, a sponsorship perspective, are you looking for something, like, super formal, or are you looking more for, like, you know, if we show up with, like, a bunch of Oracle, like, swagging giveaways and stuff like that, Would that fit with what you're looking for? Or even though we need the most, is a venue. So our office is in Bushwick, but I think it'll be a totally different story. Like, the type of people we can get by just keeping it in Manhattan would be much better. So venue, and then, like, if. You guys were able to, like, help us with some snacks and drinks, like, that would be amazing. So we're not asking for too much, it's just. Yeah. We want to use the event as a way to test this thesis that, like, if we got a bunch of founders and builders in the room, They actually, like, need Zoe. And, you know, we are trying to figure out what is the right product market fit and, like, how do we talk about, like, the platform? How big of a venue do we need? I don't know. So, like, I think in order to have a meaningful. So the. Okay, I've had to answer your question, like 50 to 100, but it could also just be 50. The progression of the event would be. People come in for 15 minutes. Then Ben gives a talk about, like, why the state of consumer AI feels so, like, lacking. And then Vrien would go up and talk about some of the things that he's built, like processes that he's created that could help founders to kind of bring it back home. And then we want to, like, you know, to just open it for happy hour, but also have, like, kind of a board where people could engage in this interactive exercise where we have, like, maybe some dimensions around, like, ways we think AI can be, like, better for founders. And then have them, like, sticky, like ideas. So we basically a way of us getting, like, what is the demand that founders have so we can figure out how to, like, market ourselves more effectively. Yeah, okay. But so that that group can be, like, a curated list of, like, really, like, 50 really good founders, or we can, you know, open it up and as long as there's, like, a way for Ben to talk to people. Yeah.  
Me: Yeah, and Ben's a phenomenal Ben's a phenomenal get.  
Them: Yeah, 50 to 100. Okay?  
Me: Like we'll wanna have him. Have him up there.  
Them: There is a couple spaces. We'll have to check availability for the fifth. Okay, that'll be first. Then, Chase, I'll work with you on this. Definitely. We'll figure out, you know, then, like, time. How long do you anticipate the event being? 45. It's two hours.  
Me: That would be awesome.  
Them: You say 6:45 to 8:45? Yeah. And I can, like. We can make it a little earlier if you want. Like, we can make a 5:45 to 7:45. So early, like, we. We can change it if you need it. And if you prefer a different day, like you think you have a perfect space, then I can just ask the third, like, organizer if they're fine changing it too. Yeah. Okay. Although I don't know if you might have shared it on social media yet. Well, let us do this. Let it chase it, like so. Now that I know, like, the two things would be the location and catering. So let me. If you could confirm, is the. Is the date the fifth solid? Let me know that, and then two. Chase and I will go look at locations. Shouldn't take us very long. And then we have to submit a budget for that. So I gotta figure out how much it's gonna cost. And, you know, all that good stuff that I can do on my end. And then we'll get back to you by tomorrow with a thumbs up or thumbs down. If we can do it.  
Me: Oh, wow. Really appreciate it, guys. That's super pro snuff. Thank you.  
Them: Yeah, those are the best. Yeah, I think this is, this is the type of event, you know, we do want to try to do and see if we can participate in because it's, you know, from, like, my team. Like, I know, Tiffany, you hopped on a little bit, a little bit late, but we work primarily with startups, right? So if we can meet founders and if we can be involved, you know, early in their life cycle, you know, we typically have a better relationship versus coming in later. So. Yeah, so our promise is we'll get back to you quickly if, you know, if we can't pick up, like, the full space or anything like that, you know. We'll think of some other creative things that we can do to help support you guys. Awesome. Yeah. Thank you so much. Yeah, like, obvious. Yeah. Let. Let's talk tomorrow. But we can figure out a way to make the agenda work for you guys, too, and for you guys to talk about, like, all your offerings, so. Yeah. Thank you so much for this amazing call. I'm sorry I was so late. No worries.  
Me: Yeah. Really appreciate it, y'all.  
Them: All right. No, thanks. We'll. We'll get back to you by tomorrow. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Bye. Thanks. See ya.  
Me: Thanks. Y'all take care. Mike. 