Here's a pattern I keep seeing:

00:02Vrijen AttawarHey. Hey, how&apos;s it going? 
00:05Logan CurrieHello, hello. How we doing? How&apos;s everybody doing on the home front there, Nicole? 
00:17Nicole HolubarOh, everyone&apos;s fine. Yeah. It&apos;s funny because my daughter was just had a really high fever but like was acting fine and I didn&apos;t want to send her to school though because like there&apos;s so much sickness going around and like I don&apos;t want to contribute to all these children getting sick. So even though she was acting completely fine for two days, we kept her home. But thank you guys for being flexible. I feel like this is becoming a story. Story of my life. Either I&apos;m sick or she&apos;s sick or someone said. 
00:54Logan CurrieBut how old is he, your daughter? 
00:58Nicole HolubarShe&apos;s two. 
01:00Logan CurrieI have a four year old and a six year old, both girls and Virgin has. Virgin has been on the receiving end of many a last minute email being like we are not going to be able to have this meeting. 
01:09Nicole HolubarSo that makes me feel better. 
01:14Logan CurrieYeah, you&apos;re a little tinny virgin. Not like you&apos;re tiny but just your volume is not there. The anticipation, it&apos;s. 
01:31Vrijen AttawarI gotta spin it forward. Yeah, I gotta. The work mode and possibly do the nerdiest motion I&apos;ve ever done in my life which is a high bar and drop my mic. 
01:48Logan CurrieOh man. Is your, is your daughter in like nursery school or. 
01:52Nicole HolubarYeah, she&apos;s in a daycare. It&apos;s a little Montessori school nearby and it&apos;s a great little place. But you know, as with I think everyone that has their kids in childcare, it&apos;s Petri. 
02:08Logan CurriePetri dish. Yep. In, in Massachusetts they start back super late. So my kids just started this week and I&apos;m just like, it&apos;s like a ticking time bomb until like I&apos;m like it&apos;s probably like mid next week or the week after that somebody&apos;s gonna go down. Yeah, yeah. 
02:25Nicole HolubarIt&apos;s inevitable. 
02:26Vrijen AttawarI&apos;m convinced that schools K through 12 specifically are actually just, they&apos;re actually just like money laundering schemes because how can you possibly have these kids basically in school for no time in a year? Basically feels like no time and then yet charge like oof. 
02:50Nicole HolubarOof. 
02:51Logan CurrieOh yeah, don&apos;t even go there. 
02:56Nicole HolubarIt hurts. 
02:57Logan CurrieAlthough this is the first year both my younger one started pre K. So now we are officially we&apos;re in the system because Cambridge has universal pre K. So like we don&apos;t. There are no tuition payments which is. 
03:09Nicole HolubarThat&apos;s amazing. Yeah, A good pre K system. So we will be there eventually. Yes. Surprisingly, Georgia does have a great lottery funded pre K system where I think. 
03:24Logan CurrieLike four she&apos;ll be able to. 
03:27Nicole HolubarTo go Maybe three actually I should probably. 
03:32Logan CurrieYeah. Yeah. 
03:33Nicole HolubarWow. 
03:34Vrijen AttawarThat&apos;s awesome. 
03:35Logan CurrieYeah. 
03:35Vrijen AttawarGo Georgia. 
03:36Nicole HolubarYeah, I know. All right. 
03:42Logan CurrieWell, when was it that we chatted? Last week or the week before? 
03:46Nicole HolubarA week or so ago. Yeah. 
03:48Logan CurrieYeah. How are things going on your end internally or kind of work wise? 
03:55Nicole HolubarYou know, they&apos;re going. It&apos;s officially this week started our fiscal, our new fiscal year Emory starts September 1st. So you know, lots of changes and we have a new interim president. So like a lot of university wide changes. And then within our own division we&apos;ve had changes actually. The folks that work with the Wise Heart Society, which is the group that I&apos;ve talked about us engaging, they&apos;re moving. They&apos;ve moved to a different vertical thankfully still under our big umbrella. But I don&apos;t think that&apos;s an issue with. They&apos;re just not in like the conversations with. With our little department that they were. And so I&apos;m like, oh man, that&apos;s interesting. But yeah, the donor relations team is going like a slightly different. More like the focusing a lot on the operations side and like making things. 
05:02Nicole HolubarI don&apos;t know, I don&apos;t know how to describe it. I think donor relations in general is a lot of operations and like mail and letters and all that fun stuff. So they&apos;re still on the advancement team. It&apos;s just a slightly different move. So I actually haven&apos;t talked with them since that happened. So this will be a great opportunity for me to tap back in with them and see how they&apos;re doing. 
05:30Logan CurrieHow, how big is the team overall? I&apos;m just curious, like what how many people. 
05:37Nicole HolubarThat&apos;s a great question. Within. So we have Advancement and alumni engagement is like our overall division. We typically have around 300 people across the entire division at any time. I&apos;m not sure what the current number is, but varied between like 3 and 350. My. We fall under. Within that advancement and alumni engagement umbrella, we fall under engagement Communications and Marketing, which is where like our alumni marketing and communications, but also the engagement teams, the Emory Alumni association sits under that umbrella too along with formerly with more of the annual giving and donor stewardship relations type of work which has also kind of. We love restructures here. So but we all still thankfully, you know, it is still one big division. So we&apos;re still connected and it&apos;s not that way at a lot of institutions. So very Lucky about that. 
06:45Nicole HolubarBut yeah, within the EAA, there&apos;s I think there&apos;s like 30 of us. 
06:53Logan CurrieIn an. 
06:54Nicole HolubarAt an ideal time, there&apos;s like 30 staff members. 35 staff members. Right now, I think we&apos;re at like 25. 
07:02Logan CurrieBut yeah, okay. Yeah. And it&apos;s for the whole. I mean, I, I think I remember talking to Bridging about this, but like so many schools do it, like per. So many universities you have. Per school, but it&apos;s for the whole. It&apos;s for the whole thing. Right? 
07:18Nicole HolubarYeah. So we have both, actually. So my. So the Emory Alumni association, our little team of like 25 or so that I mentioned, we do work with everyone across the university, regardless of when you graduated, where you graduated from. We&apos;re kind of like that central all encompassing force. And then beyond that, we do also have engagement and fundraisers in each school. So there&apos;s nine schools at Emory. Again, we all fall under the same big umbrella, but, you know, we report slightly different teams and managers and we work closely with them. But yeah, it&apos;s interesting. It&apos;s an interesting model and both, I think, do great work. I think, you know, there&apos;s a lot of people that are very strongly affiliated with their school and you know, I like, that&apos;s. That&apos;s great for them, the path, Great path for them. 
08:20Nicole HolubarAnd then folks that are more Emory all around pride or like, maybe they went a different path than their undergrad degree and want to be plugged in outside of that. Like, there&apos;s, you know, there&apos;s opportunity for everything. So. 
08:35Logan CurrieYeah, yeah. I&apos;m always so fascinated to hear how it works. I mean, I remember talking to somebody at hbs, which is its own thing. Right? Like, and they. 
08:44Nicole HolubarOh, gosh, yeah. 
08:46Logan CurrieIt&apos;s like a literal machine. It&apos;s like 150 just on their, like alumni and donor. 
08:52Nicole HolubarLike, like surprising. 
08:54Logan CurrieBut it&apos;s basically like, you know, it&apos;s. I always compare it to like the Death Star in a loving, affectionate way. Yeah, yeah. And then I was at the Ed School at. And they have one person for everything. And you&apos;re just like, yeah, this is like priorities. 
09:16Vrijen AttawarPriorities. Yeah, no, it&apos;s just one of those things. I mean, it&apos;s. Yeah, it&apos;s. I, I love the Star wars analogy because that was sort of how I felt going into the McKinsey New York office. I was like, oh, I&apos;m in the bridge of the Death Star. This is in the Empire. I am a stormtrooper. Let&apos;s hope My aim is a little better than that. 
09:44Logan CurrieYeah, yeah, yeah. Yes. 
09:48Vrijen AttawarYeah. But no, this is great. I mean, hey, for, you know, for our part, we&apos;ve been, you know, trying to accelerate the number of jobs that come our way. We&apos;ve done that in sort of effectively two ways. One is to actually reach out to employers directly and sort of have them post. And we&apos;re slowly starting to have community spin up and sort of post through their portals. The other is by purchasing and processing a set of sort of jobs effectively from like a pipeline. Right, Like a cleaned up pipeline. So we know that they&apos;re reliable, they&apos;re of a certain quality. Those are sort of two areas where not only are we sort of seeing a high amount of traction, I think that&apos;s also an area where like, you know, potential for alums to benefit in pretty sort of concrete ways. 
10:43Vrijen AttawarI think that there&apos;s a good amount of sort of experimentation going on from our side as well. So, you know, again, just being really vocal about what&apos;s working, what isn&apos;t, what people are responsible about would be awesome. 
10:54Nicole HolubarYes. 
10:56Vrijen AttawarAnd now my cat&apos;s here, so I&apos;ll let him speak. Unless Logan has something to say. 
11:02Logan CurrieNo. Yeah, I mean, I think, you know, just would be curious to hear where your mind is at the moment in terms of like what is what piece of kind of what we sent through might be particularly interesting or if there&apos;s an obvious area to kind of start. As we said, like, I think we, this is early days in a good way. So any opportunity that we have to kind of co design something kind of in partnership with Emory is bonus in the sense of like, we want to understand what would be valuable to you just as much as we want to kind of know what value we can bring. 
11:39Nicole HolubarAbsolutely. I mean, I think that any of these options have been, I think would be valuable for our alumni. And again, I think, you know, my suggestion of us doing a pilot with that specific group because if we need to keep it smaller there, to me they were an obvious group of engaged alumni that, you know, might be most responsive. 
12:10Logan CurrieYeah. 
12:10Nicole HolubarEspecially for, you know, the purposes for us to pilot and help you all get some great feedback as well. I, Yeah, I think I really do like the integration that you all have been focusing on with the job search function or the job connection function. Like I think I mentioned in our last call, it just like we as an EAA have not been focused as much on the career connections through like job postings and you know, we are There&apos;s a new tool coming down the pipeline somewhere there. You know, we have a tool called Emory Connects, which we&apos;ve also probably talked about in the past and they&apos;re slightly tweaking that. 
13:02Nicole HolubarBut overall like as some as the team member that works in what was once career services is not alumni career services anymore, more so focused on the professional development and you know, making of connections. But I feel, I truly feel like that&apos;s one area that we have been lacking in recent years. So I, I would be very excited to explore that as like as a pilot. 
13:39Vrijen AttawarDo you think there would be, do you think if were able to their details work out but do you think if were able to sort of assure a certain core quality of sort of matching or a certain number of, you know, just sort of SLA around? Like how. Yeah, just SLAs around. Like how the alumni. How many opportunities. Let&apos;s just say the come across the alumni&apos;s way. Is that something that you would have budget for to sort of essentially say hey, for a set number of alums. We essentially just. And, and I asked that because it&apos;s because of how intensively and effectively we match, which we&apos;re actually looking at ways to optimize. But because of that it&apos;s a comparatively expensive process to run. 
14:24Vrijen AttawarYeah, so it&apos;s something that we do as part of sort of bringing folks into the fold and are looking to optimize. But that would sort of be a great signal for us as well if there was budget to you know, supply certain fraction, let&apos;s say X percentage of folks that are job hunting supply, sort of get them, you know, X number of highly tailored jobs, have Emory messaging on that, you know, on these sort of high open rate, high click through rate sort of emails. And that also gives y&apos; all a really high quality channel to address this very engaged group of folks. 
15:04Nicole HolubarYeah, I know we talked pricing at one point and remind me of what that would look like in terms of if there were, if there was an added step, what that cost might look like. 
15:26Vrijen AttawarYou know, I think we would have to do a little bit of estimation around what that cost would look like just depending on how many folks enroll. And so I can get you some more precise numbers very quickly. But just to give you an example, because I actually have this estimation offhand just a second. Let&apos;s see. So to check 40 jobs against about 300 users was almost a hundred dollars. So you know, that&apos;s 300 pretty engaged folks. We have a multi step process that really makes sure that, you know, you&apos;re never really seeing a job that you shouldn&apos;t be seeing, or at least you might see it once, but you&apos;re able to indicate that, hey, this is a deal breaker and sort of that will then filter things in the future. So it&apos;s sort of adaptive that way. 
16:25Vrijen AttawarBut, you know, given that sort of amount, maybe gathering up some jobs, although that cost is relatively negligible, maybe for like 300 to 500 users, it would be somewhere in the range of like one and a half to 2000amonth. And we could certainly lower that, you know, depending on, you know, just the level of interest. Like, if you&apos;re like, hey, this is great, work with us on the price, then we could, you know, find the economic case to sort of scale that up. But that would be one really easy sort of way for Emory to deliver a win to these alums who, you know, let&apos;s face it, hate sitting on LinkedIn waiting to just see a job pop up and then rush apply, you. 
17:09Logan CurrieKnow, and we could also play around the two thoughts I had. We could play around with the source. So, meaning, I know we&apos;ve, we talked on our previous call about like how many Emory specific opportunities you guys receive. Right? So like, that would be fewer jobs, obviously. It&apos;s kind of a. It&apos;s a lever system, right. So it&apos;s like more people maybe with fewer, more highly tailored opportunities, let&apos;s say, like, only because we can also consider the source. Right? So if it&apos;s like only Emery forced roles, that is maybe more high signal and high value. Anyway, so it&apos;s like. And it kind of could create its own engagement flywheel in and of itself. Right. So it&apos;s like an Emory source role checks against a thousand people would be more reasonable than like 50 roles, maybe of. 
17:58Logan CurrieNot that they&apos;re not high caliber, but like that they&apos;re like of mixed provenance, if that makes sense. Like they&apos;re not necessarily only an Emory. Yeah, that&apos;s one way we could start as well as say, like only Emory listed positions against like a bigger group of people, for example. 
18:15Vrijen AttawarYeah, that could be the way to do it. 
18:18Logan CurrieMatching the. I&apos;m thinking of, from your perspective, like, if it&apos;s all Emory branded in a good way, that&apos;s probably for the best. Right? Because then it&apos;s like, here&apos;s this alum, they are, you know, class of 2004 looking for this position. Let&apos;s check against, you know, and the other thing we could do is instead of maybe going with wise hearts Depending on what. What works best for y&apos;. All. We could also make it location dependent just because so many roles are hybrid nowadays. Like, we could do, like, the Emory. I know you&apos;ve had more interactions with Emory&apos;s, like, New York group, for example. So, like, it could be like, Emory. 
18:56Logan CurrieAll Emory alums in New York get, you know, and then that from a sourcing perspective as well, just makes it feel more targeted because it&apos;s like any Emory in New York who have an opportunity that doesn&apos;t even have to be them hiring, but it&apos;s like, listen, I know somebody who&apos;s hired. Figure out if I could get an Emory person in. It just kind of localizes it, and I would drive that kind of, like, identity. Yeah. Anyways, that was just one thought that I had. Yeah, V. I know you would get excited about that. I didn&apos;t. I didn&apos;t give you this brainwave that I had before. 
19:26Vrijen AttawarNo, you know, I think that&apos;s brilliant because, you know, it. It makes our lives easier in a way that makes things better for the alums. 
19:34Logan CurrieRight. 
19:35Vrijen AttawarThe more concentrated folks are, the easier it is for us to seek out employers that would have these sort of, like, you know, let&apos;s just call it like, gray up or gray, not in terms of legality, to be clear, but in terms of, like, you know, not really on LinkedIn, not really on the open market. But also, you know, certain folks are actively soliciting candidates. I think that is an area where we can. We can do great work. I mean, you know, for example, we. This is a little bit sort of ahead of the news cycle, but we are about to partner with twil, which is the biggest sort of, like, referral network in tech. So they&apos;re going to sort candidates from us. 
20:12Vrijen AttawarAnd so I think, especially early on, being one of the first communities on careerspan, there&apos;s going to be a ton of value because there&apos;s going to be a lot of roles that never see the light of day that would be able to be, you know, routed to Emory. And, you know, the folks on the other end would be glad to do that. Right. They were very excited when we said that, you know, hey, we&apos;ve got these great communities that we can source from. So, yeah, we can. We can definitely work that through. I think location is a great idea. It also means that there would be a team on, like, there would be a team with a ground game with relationships in a particular city. I think, like, that sort of organizational structure and personnel would also benefit us if we&apos;re really trying Big. 
20:57Nicole HolubarYeah, I, I think that&apos;s a great idea. I&apos;m wondering if. Is it, is it. I might be like overstepping or over asking, but I wonder if it&apos;s possible that these could be two separate things. Like maybe we still explore that initial idea that we had with like Career Friend tool with the select group of alumni. And then I could also use the, like the job search component as a test with like one of our key markets like D.C. or New York. I mean, Atlanta would be an obvious one, but. Yeah, like, as a kind of like a separate thing. Yeah, that&apos;s something that we could explore. I don&apos;t know. 
21:51Vrijen AttawarYeah, we have a couple of different avenues in each of these cities, actually, that you mentioned. We have a couple of different interesting avenues for getting folks placed. You know, if there&apos;s an optimal market, let us know. I think Boston and New York would be, I think New York in many ways given Emory and sort of its student population, I think would be a killer choice because of the diversity there. 
22:16Nicole HolubarIt&apos;s our biggest outside of Atlanta, so. 
22:18Vrijen AttawarRight, right. But I, I, you know, and I think with Atlanta as well, it would just be more so a matter of like expanding in once we&apos;ve sort of practiced a little bit because a lot of the employer relationships we have, I think that&apos;s really where we&apos;re going to be able to give an edge to Emory alums is the like private employer relationships that. 
22:37Nicole HolubarYeah. 
22:37Vrijen AttawarYou know, that we are able to leverage. 
22:40Nicole HolubarYeah. 
22:40Vrijen AttawarAny thoughts on that? 
22:42Logan CurrieYeah, I mean, I was just wondering, Nicole, if there would be an internal advantage for you to pick Atlanta, like as in if it makes the most sense to be like, hey, like, let&apos;s start with our home base. Because I imagine, I would just imagine that like, maybe even your existing relationships with employers would be good as well. Like as in, like you don&apos;t have to create, you know, that&apos;s true. Those employer relationships. I was also thinking about V, like talking to Carly next week. We have a contact who&apos;s high up at Coke, obviously Atlanta based. Like there&apos;s, I think that, you know, there&apos;s some advantages potentially I imagine on your side as well, starting in Atlanta and B, that&apos;s a market for us that we wouldn&apos;t have otherwise, like gone into double dipping in some ways, like for like other communities. 
23:28Logan CurrieSo I mean, I, my instinct would be to go with Atlanta because also I imagine that there&apos;s a little bit more of a home field advantage to an employer Maybe saying like, yeah, I do want to hire somebody from memory. Whereas in New York it&apos;s maybe one step removed of like, yeah, that would be nice. But it&apos;s not quite as much of like a visceral, I don&apos;t know, like, playing up that alumni engagement piece, I imagine would be just a little bit easier and I think could give us some really strong proof points. 
23:58Nicole HolubarWe have a pre. Established. 
24:00Logan CurrieExactly. Yeah, yeah. 
24:03Vrijen AttawarNo, that works. I think that works great. I think that works great. Yeah, let&apos;s. Let&apos;s do Atlanta. I&apos;m super happy about that. This increases the probability of me finagling a trip to Atlanta somehow. So that&apos;s always nice. Yeah, I think that works great. The other. Is there a particular need or like interest in sort of events that engage Emory founders? Events that engage like really sort of, you know, high signal Emory alums or like curated sort of alumni events? I ask because one of the more exciting events that we&apos;ve sort of are collaborating with folks on are these talent matching, sort of reverse. Reverse talent matching nights where folks use Career Span. We get a better sense of them. We speak to the founders and get a sense of what their perfect hire would be. 
25:00Vrijen AttawarAnd then from that pool, we sort of selectively invite folks for a mixer. And so it&apos;s nicely curated. It&apos;s curated through careerspan. It&apos;s something we could do as a course of sort of normal business, especially if we get the product embedded a little bit early. 
25:18Nicole HolubarYeah, that&apos;s a really cool idea. And yes, we definitely engage quite closely with entrepreneurs in general and we have an entrepreneur network. We&apos;re also trying to elevate some additional work around the industry itself. So that is actually very interesting. I actually did have a founder I chatted with recently who was talking about something similar where he feels like there&apos;s a need for. How did he describe it? I feel like it was like a water cooler or something where he was like, yeah, we need a space where people can find each other and especially for entrepreneurs that are looking for people with a variety of different skills. Yeah, that&apos;s. That sounds super interesting. Have you guys actually, you&apos;ve done like physical events with that model so far? 
26:25Logan CurrieWe&apos;ve got our first one coming up in October in New York that we&apos;re planning with Pace University and maybe JP Morgan, like. Anyway, so we&apos;re kind of like putting together the first one where we&apos;re tapping into a bunch of founder communities kind of sourcing the companies first and like Seeing and then kind of using that to go. Go fishing for candidates, essentially. But, like, it&apos;s obviously a little bit of a matchmaking scenario. We played around with, like, a kind of joke around, like, arranged marriage in a good way. Like, as in it&apos;s supposed to be like a reverse career fair in some ways, because it&apos;s like, if we have really vetted talent, it doesn&apos;t need to be awkward, like, hey, like, here&apos;s my resume. Like, there can be a little bit of curation in advance of it, but I think that could be. 
27:10Logan CurrieThat&apos;s a great shot. Be that. That could be a really interesting thing to get on the calendar, like with Emory, whether it&apos;s in Atlanta or in New York. But, like, that could be really fun, especially if you&apos;re trying to build up the kind of entrepreneur network side of things like that. That has been a big draw not only for, you know, alums, but even, like, you could. You can invite a select group of current students, even. 
27:35Vrijen AttawarYou know. Yeah, I. I suspect that, like, as with most founders, one of the. One of the only reasons you wouldn&apos;t actively want to support your alma mater is like. Or like, your alumni or kind of the folks coming after you is because it&apos;s just too hard to get the word out. And, you know, it&apos;s just too tough to. 
27:53Nicole HolubarYeah, there&apos;s lots of. 
27:55Vrijen AttawarExactly. 
27:57Logan CurrieYeah. 
27:57Vrijen AttawarBut I think with us, the. The ability to just, you know, essentially say, hey, any employer engaged with Emory, just, you know, email a JD to this email, and it will get distributed to the Emory system. Everything will get handled. All you have to do is add maybe a little tag in your ATS system that says, like, you know, it gives you the option to say you were referred by career span or referred by Emory University, which is a pretty minor change to make in most ATS systems. And effectively we would be able to sort of supply them with Emory talent. We&apos;re eventually hoping to just be a pipeline, right. Where folks pay subscription. And as folks jump on, there&apos;s a scan that happens on a regular cadence and keeps surfacing. Sort of the best new folks. 
28:46Nicole HolubarThat&apos;s great. That&apos;s brilliant. I love that. I love the idea of a reverse career fair. I think that&apos;s really putting the candidates, you know, featuring the candidates. Not necessarily. 
28:59Logan CurrieIt&apos;s. It should. It could be fun. Anyway, so if there&apos;s interest there. So I guess we&apos;ve talked about kind of to sum up the existing, you know, discussions we had around, like, giving career span to Wise Hearts can absolutely be there like that. Can continue. Essentially. I think the only thing outstanding there was. I think I owe you a landing page and that&apos;s pretty much ready to go. 
29:22Nicole HolubarAnd I probably owed you something. I might have owed you something. That was one of the things because they were. I talked to the team and they were like, oh, well, we are. We don&apos;t have a logo right now. It was some. 
29:37Logan CurrieYeah. 
29:38Nicole HolubarSome, you know, weird dress. We can get that where they were like, oh, yeah, we. We&apos;re in. We&apos;re in the. Yeah, we&apos;re doing a lot of rebranding and stuff. So it has to do with that. So it might even just be that we use the EAA logo. But yeah, feel free to ping me with whatever you need to get that going and I will get that info to you and we can just get it up and we can send it out to the folks that gave to wise or gave it a wise heart level last year that are young alumni. And, and then, yeah, exploring. I mean, I, again, I really love the idea of exploring like the job matching opportunity as well. 
30:29Nicole HolubarAnd that again, that could be something that we do where we specifically target folks that we know are looking like we get. We have a career coaching. I think we&apos;ve talked about this before. We have a career coaching program with alumni and like those people, the majority of the time are actively searching for. For a new career or a new position. We have, you know, unfortunately, large populations of alumni that work in the federal government or in similar spaces that are in limbo or don&apos;t know if they&apos;ll have a job next month. And so like, there are very strategic groups of people that would. Would probably even more so prefer the job matching and kind of having a leg up through an Emory connection. 
31:24Vrijen AttawarSo, yeah, if you could do a little bit of sort of light thinking around, you know, if there&apos;s. There&apos;s some budget for that just so that we could do it at a scale that is really sort of notable. I think that would be great. The other thing I&apos;ll very briefly sort of mention is that&apos;s. What was it? Yeah. Oh, the other thing I wanted to sort of ask was around some other sort of more notable Emory alums that I have come across sort of like encountered. Wanted to know if there&apos;s like any sort of established protocol around how to get in touch with folks like I know with someone like Sarah, obviously, that&apos;s, yeah. A tier unto itself. 
32:08Vrijen AttawarBut I was wondering if for like more sort of mere mortals, like the rest of us if there was like a more established or like an advised way to reach out to Emory alone. 
32:17Nicole HolubarWe always advise that people do it through Emory Connects because it&apos;s not everyone&apos;s on Emory Connect, so there&apos;s that. But we have a good population of alumni on there right now. But it allows you to do like that inter platform outreach. 
32:35Vrijen AttawarOkay. 
32:36Nicole HolubarHowever, a lot of times I also encourage people to reach out through LinkedIn, which again, I know is not always successful, especially if you&apos;re not like a second connection. But from the Emory perspective, the reaching out through Emory Connect platform is going to at least go to the email address that person has shared with us. I think it comes like you do. You do the messaging in the tool and then the person gets an alert in their email that they have a message to go and communicate that. 
33:15Logan CurrieSo. Yeah. 
33:16Vrijen AttawarYeah, okay, I will do that. It&apos;s Bonnie Dilber. She is an Emory alum. Yeah. I think being history, if I. If my last session of like looking up her. Her profile apps, her great posting was accurate. Yeah, she&apos;s great. She works as Zapier and she&apos;s. She&apos;s really awesome. She keeps it real on. 
33:41Logan CurrieYeah. 
33:42Nicole HolubarI&apos;ll see if she has had any connections with anyone. 
33:46Vrijen AttawarYeah, any avenue for a warm intro would be great. There&apos;s another person that sort of eludes me at the moment, but just trying to sort of leverage that. The other thing I will say is, you know, to the point of wanting, what do we all want? Right. We want Emory students to get employed and we want ideally for it to be an Emory person employing them. You know, that sort of ticks all the boxes. I think what would be very easy for the alumni office to say is to all of its alums that are hiring, hey, just submit your job description and we&apos;ll give you a short list in X amount of time and that will contain the best Emory candidates. And it&apos;s just like taking a first look. Yeah, right. 
34:24Vrijen AttawarAnd that&apos;s the framing that we&apos;ve been sort of giving people is like, hey, take a first look at this community that you have some ties to or some allegiance to. You know, sort of give back in that sort of way. And you know, we&apos;ll make the process as easy and painless as possible. And that could be another way to sort of support alums is. And you know, it gives us the ability to get better employers on as well. 
34:47Nicole HolubarYeah. Remind me, is, remind me, is the employer perspective. Do they. Is there a fee associated with. I think I remember that being the. 
35:00Logan CurrieCase right now though, what we&apos;re doing at the moment is essentially proving that out or like we&apos;re working with quite a few employers essentially saying like, hey, well first few job searches that you&apos;re doing will show you that we can get you really good candidates and that like quick and it&apos;s, and it&apos;s curated. And then eventually once we have those, okay, cool. Like this many candidates made it to first round, this many candidates made it into to the hiring. That&apos;s when we would start working with some of the company around, kind of like a charge. But for now at least there&apos;s no, it&apos;s basically no risk. So a lot of the employers are like, oh cool, like I am about to put a job description up. Let me see. 
35:37Logan CurrieYou know, like instead of fishing with like dynamite, you&apos;re kind of like fishing like you&apos;re not even. You&apos;re getting some fish presented to you essentially. Just because there&apos;s so much happening with, you know, auto apply these days on any publicly listed like, yeah, platform you&apos;re gonna get 800 candidates and it&apos;s really hard to sort through. So anyway, so the, for the employers that we&apos;ve worked with so far, like they are quite excited to kind of get that initial list and so we can, if it&apos;s helpful, I&apos;ll send you like a little blurb about that. I&apos;ll send a quick follow up email. But yeah, that on the reverse career fair site too. 
36:14Logan CurrieI&apos;ll send you some of the planning that we&apos;ve done around this one in October in case that&apos;s something of interest that we can just say like, hey, like again, we can copy paste the same format pretty much and just, yeah, you know, handle some of those logistics. And then like if it&apos;s in Atlanta, it could be like at or in a venue that you all have or whatever. We can figure that out. But that could be fun as well. 
36:38Nicole HolubarYeah, absolutely. I like that. 
36:41Logan CurrieAll right. Many, many here. Yeah, awesome. I&apos;ll follow up with a quick email, but I think any of those are a good place to get started. 
36:50Nicole HolubarAbsolutely. And Regent, I will definitely take a look at my budget. We&apos;re literally, we are, we&apos;re looking through them right now. I feel like I probably always say that, but we are looking at them right now for the new fiscal year and yeah, we&apos;re toying around with what we have, so. 
37:10Vrijen AttawarGotcha. I think we&apos;ll work with you know, we&apos;ll meet you halfway. I think there&apos;s a lot of mutual sort of trust here. I think that&apos;s the main thing that sort of matters to us. So, yeah, we&apos;ll totally work with what is necessary to make Emory the sterling example of why you should work. 
37:30Nicole HolubarAbsolutely. Love it. Okay, well, thank you guys again, and thanks for your flexibility as always. 
37:35Vrijen AttawarYeah. 
37:38Nicole HolubarAll right, thank you. Bye.

—
What stands out to you? What would you add?