Meeting Title: Shane Murphy-Reuter x Vrijen Attawar

Calendar Event ID: 7743d469-e224-43a6-9c25-5ffa2be37799

Attendee Emails: email: shane.murphy-reuter@calendly.com
name: Shane Murphy-reuter

Creator Email: vrijen@mycareerspan.com

Transcript:

 
Me: Hey. Hey, logs.  
Them: Oh, hey. I'm just hopping in here. To say hello.  
Me: Please do. Shane is yet to join. I just got off the call with Lizzie.  
Them: How'd it go?  
Me: Good. Yeah. Very good conversation. I am so used to hearing just having my dad be my dad, I forget that he's actually, like, a fucking rock star. It's, like, so easy to take for granted. And then he's just like, Yeah, I do 95% of the heart, or. Sorry, the lung transplants in India. I've added to the exact status 60% of the heart and 95% of the lungs.  
Them: Ane.  
Me: Yeah. So I guess that average is out to 80.  
Them: Absolutely insane.  
Me: Madman. Yeah.  
Them: What are the next steps? Is he going to figure out what to do?  
Me: So they might even meet in Houston. It turns out they're both going to be in Houston in mid Feb at the same time.  
Them: I love it. Yeah.  
Me: So I'll be there as well. So it's perfect. We'll set up a meet. Can iron out some of the details. I think it'll be a good sort of interaction. And sort of get a measure of each other, which is always important. But, yeah, she's going to send my dad, like, a buttload of questions, and then they're going to reconvene. But this is easy. I mean, the good thing is, obviously, Lizzie's, like, military, so she's going to follow up and be prompt. And I think with my dad, he needs shepherding. I think that's the main. Now that she's met him, I think I'll have a call with her and be like, look, with my dad. This is how to navigate him. This is, like, who he is. These are his sensitive things. If you do this, this and this, he'll keep him happy and he'll be on your side forever. That's all she kind of needs.  
Them: This is the best way. Perfect. Yeah. Okay?  
Me: So, yeah, that should be good.  
Them: You should think about coming up to Boston for a day. Maybe at some point before the end of the month. And then you can meet here as well. Just. Are those. She's going to Abu Dhabi.  
Me: Yes.  
Them: I don't know when she's going to Abu Dhabi.  
Me: I was thinking of coming sooner rather than later, so I might actually fly to. I was going to book this today, actually. I was going to book a flight to Raleigh just last minute. To see Freddie and Faith? Yeah, just a little, like, get out and be with some friends.  
Them: Oh, yeah.  
Me: And not be so at home and sad. It'd be nice.  
Them: That's good. Yeah.  
Me: Yeah, those 12 hour long vibe coding sessions, as much a cry for help as anything.  
Them: I was about to say. Yeah. Sounds good. Sounds good. What was I going to say? Yeah, I was just trying to find the text where she said when she's leaving.  
Me: Oh, man, I hope Shane can join today. I was very excited to talk about, give my million opinions on calendly. Calendly right. Yeah. That's crazy. I remember hearing about Calendly in. 2000. 17.  
Them: Yeah, it's been around.  
Me: It's been around. And it was already kind of old by then.  
Them: Yeah. Exactly. I think she might be leaving, like, mid next week. So anyway, we can figure that out.  
Me: I was even gonna suggest being crazy and, like, coming down to Boston tomorrow and then riding back up with you if need be. So I feel like we need. We need a little bit more than a day. But I don't know. So I'm fine with. I'm fine with that as well. But, yeah, up to. Up to you. We can obviously just pow out from the minute you get here and knock out a bunch of stuff.  
Them: Yeah, I've got a shit ton of meetings tomorrow, some of which I don't think can be moved, but Thursday. I mean, Thursday I don't have much, partly because I'm getting microneedling at noon, but then that entire afternoon is free, so if you wanted to come back up on Thursday.  
Me: Nice. Come back with you? Yeah, totally.  
Them: Ben Lieberman meeting in the morning, but that's literally it, so that could work, too.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that works. That works. Can you send me your return ticket?  
Them: Yeah, Let me send you. My ticket. I believe it's the 750. Pm. Wednesday night. So let me just. Yeah, 750. I'll send you this because then we could work on the train. You could stay here Wednesday night and then do a blitz on. Thursday day.  
Me: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  
Them: And then I just pop out midday for. The treatment that I technically cannot afford, but I already bought myself the package on my birthday, so.  
Me: Dude. Those fucking packages, dude, that's how they get you. I have so many. I have, like, $200 worth of other ship. Oh, dude, that's what we should do. We should go to other ship.  
Them: They get me? Yeah.  
Me: When you're here.  
Them: What's. That.  
Me: It's this, like, very nice spa sauna thing, yeah.  
Them: Oh, that's the sauna thing, right? Sure? Yeah.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah, you want to do that? I'll book us. Yeah, it's like 30, 40 bucks, but it's nice. Especially we do it during the day. It'll be, like, pretty empty.  
Them: Co. Ol? Yeah, sounds good.  
Me: Other ship, nyc.  
Them: Yeah, that sounds good.  
Me: What do I got on there? Oh, dude, I met someone super interesting at Adam's party. I met at this lady. So I'm meeting her tomorrow. Because I have some. My side projects. Have side projects, Logan. But I have, like, a low key interest in, like, this is. This is fucked up, but.  
Them: I know, right?  
Me: Essentially right now, the ability to mobilize individuals at scale on the Internet. Exists in a very superficial way.  
Them: Yep.  
Me: But I submit to you that before the next election, if I could get a small group of people together with a few Zoes. And we can start sending out a little bit of, like, you know, just a little bit of light, light pro democracy content. That feels like a pretty worthwhile thing to do. So I was like, okay, I wanna. She's like, literally been head of. She was Stacey Abrams, head of digital.  
Them: Y. Eah, okay.  
Me: So I basically want to get a sense of, like, the landscape from her and, like, what the tooling is out there and see if there's, like, a potential to use Zo for something like that.  
Them: Interesting. You should talk to Svetlana. She is working with Marshall Gantz's, like, Leadership Network, which has a ton of grassroots organizing. Marshall is like the guy who orchestrated the Obama campaign in 2008. That was that professor that I had that I like, love narrative class that I took. But he does a bunch of like organizing all over the country.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah.  
Them: But she's also. He also worked with Mamdani's campaign. Anyway, but he'd be. Oh, and let me put you in touch with. You should probably know this person anyway. It's Callie's ex best friend. Which, like, I think I've told you about this, that, like, she's the woman. You met her, JR.  
Me: Yeah. J.r. yeah.  
Them: Doesn't fuck with her anymore, which I think something went down. No. What happened? And I feel a little bit weird about it, but I also.  
Me: Right. Did I tell you I met up with cow pal recently?  
Them: In december.  
Me: Yeah. In. In december? Yeah, like a couple. Or in january. In january. So like a week ago.  
Them: Oh, dang. Yeah, because she was. Yeah. Yeah, I saw her in. In philly. How was it? Her and veena. Yeah.  
Me: Yeah, Yeah, I didn't see vna, which I was sad about. I really like Mina. But, yeah, saw Cal. Had a. Had a blast. Just like, got. Got some lunch and chatted. I was telling her about my idea of like. Or at least she seemed to think it had legs. From an enterprise perspective, this idea of. Like.  
Them: I love you.  
Me: Basically like freemium apps are all built towards. Power users. But like, I don't know if they, they are very good at exploiting power users, but I don't think anyone has ever considered co building a product with power users, right?  
Them: Y. Es.  
Me: The idea of, like, you know, essentially having, like, folks that get. Like I'm thinking about myself. And the non zero amount of effort I've put in behind this fucking product because I love it so much, right? Which like, realistically, yeah, about 60% of it is just because I'm obsessed. About 40% of it is me after the fact, rationalizing ways to make it useful. But to the extent that it is. I think that it speaks to the fact that you could have power users that are willing to go above and beyond for the brand.  
Them: Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Sure, sure. Sure. Yeah.  
Me: Is their tool to help you, like, tap into them correctly and in a sort of more of a mutually beneficial way, work with them.  
Them: Did you listen to that? Dan Shit. Did like a predictions for 2026. Podcast. Like on his regular podcast. And it was super interesting because it was all about how the user experience is going to become, like, agentified, essentially. It was basically like if a user has feedback or a request.  
Me: Oh, no, I didn't.  
Them: They will be working directly with the agent representing the product development to make that happen. And I feel like there's a there there with, like, the prosumer angle, because basically the leading users, the power users, would be kind of designing the roadmap.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: And also evangelizing, and which has already been happening in, like, discord channels, et cetera, where it's like, you get the.  
Me: Yeah. Totally.  
Them: Front line of most invested are.  
Me: Yeah. You know what it is? It's a fucking loyalty club.  
Them: Yes, yes.  
Me: For subscriptions. For digital subscriptions.  
Them: Yeah. Exactly. So it's exactly what Zo has done, in the sense that, like.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: They bring the people in. But, like, you could essentially do that model anyway. Yeah. I'm going to hop back to Ilsa's call if this Shane call isn't happening, but plan to. And also you should just double check that. This recording does not get sent to Shane. I don't think your Jared.  
Me: No, this one doesn't. Send it all out. Yeah. Or hey. Good timing.  
Them: Oh, my God, I'm so rude. I'm sorry.  
Me: No, don't worry about it. Don't worry about it.  
Them: Also, I'm not invited to this meeting. But I was. I saw it on his calendar, and I was like, well, I know Shane better than. So I get to come for two minutes, and then you're like. To start the ship? Promise this guy's not this rude.  
Me: Shane. You've not left Logan waiting. You've not left Logan waiting more times than I have in life. Seems to be all I do.  
Them: I was like, you don't even want to know. I'm in deep in trying to name our customer.  
Me: Ah.  
Them: Which is a very internally important but kind of stupid thing.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah. Oh, fuck. I wish you hadn't said the stupid part, because I was like, Vrijen is a great, strong, handsome, very customer, empathetic name. Yeah.  
Them: Very easy. To say everyone knows it.  
Me: Well, also, if I'm being candid, it's also kind of a dumb name. So it meets your stupid criteria. It sounds like Vrijen and it means to have sex. It's a dumb fucking name.  
Them: 's a great name. It's a great name. Strong.  
Me: Strong name.  
Them: Wait. I'm going to let you all go, but I just wanted to say hi, Shane. And this is Go. Go forth and brainstorm. But hope to see you soon for another jam session at some point. Yeah, we've got to do it. I owe Andrea text as well. The new year has been a bit mad. No, all good. All right, see you. We'll leave you all to it. Bye.  
Me: Sea. Lurgs. How's it going, dude?  
Them: Good, good, good. It's been a mod start the year. One of those ones where, like, you know, you end last year and you kind of carry over the stuff that never got done. And then the start of the year. Oh, this new comes Performance of Views, finishing our goal setting. Kind of, you know, but it's fun. It's good stuff. We're like colony is. You know, we are. We're in transition. You probably. Our original product was incredible for what it was, but it's a little bit. It's kind of like a widget, right? It's like it does its job really, really well. But it's not particularly innovative. And we sort of tapped out the amount of value that we can give our customers through. Through that thing. Like it does what it does. It does. And obviously now we're sprinting towards like multi product. And how do we use AI to kind of. Do all that, so there's a lot going on. And it's one of the reasons I reach out to you is I'm really just trying to get my sense of people. Like, you are totally our icp, you know, people who are drove in a ton of things. You've got a bunch of relationships you try to manage, but, like, you're not. In sales, necessarily, but you still have to manage all these relationships and all sorts. I appreciate you taking the time. How are you doing? How's it all done?  
Me: Yeah. It's all good. It's all good. Kind of the same with us. We're trying to position the company for sale. You guys are on a Logan's close friends. I'm sure she's apt about it. So, you know, trying to position ourselves for a sale, I think it's a. Lot of good signs. I think there's a lot of really good interest, just a matter of sort of shepherding it. And then at the same time, it's like the most interesting time in the world, like, ever to be alive. I spent, if I seem a little all over the place. I spent legitimately 12. Hours straight. Vibe coding. A very specific tool, like a lead gen magnet for Careerspan. Which, like, you can just fucking do now. I looked at zero lines of code. I have a pretty high standard for these things as well. This is not like a crappy, it's going to break, you know, break on you and tell your credit card details to everyone kind of stuff. The lucky thing is I use a tool called ZO that I was also showing Brinley that I've become a brand evangelist for that has essentially become the focal point of all of my productivity stuff. And I sort of just network everything through that. Because it's essentially a server in the cloud that you control by prompting. It's very cool.  
Them: Interesting there. Well, you are definitely. The leading edge of this stuff, I think, which is cool. But you're right, it's a wild time. I imagine somebody in. With your skill set. You could do a lot of damage out there, you know, with. Marrying your ability to like. Look at what it outputs and really understand that it's technically viable or not. Whereas, like, people like me, we just. Like, I couldn't. We're like, oh, that's pretty good. Some shirts really exciting. Like, I sometimes think, like, you know, am I sitting here? Am I going to miss the trend? Should I be doing something more entrepreneurial or like jumping into a true AI company? I probably should, but, like, between you and me, I'm like, I've got two young kids.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Come, like, you know, more solid, and I'm just, like, you know, I may not be. A multi. Multimillionaire off it, but it'll do just fine, you know.  
Me: Can I. Can I suggest something? I have a extremely good friend. Well, extremely good friend in the context of professional friends. But he's. He's a great guy, and I've always gotten really good sort of interactions with him. Andy Moat. He's sort of more in your world than mine. He runs whispered. He's like a pretty big. He was GTM at, like, a bunch of big places and then started whispered, which is a. It's actually perfect for you. It's a network of GTM leaders, like, very exclusive, very high selectivity. You pay for a career community that Andy runs and for a private network like Message or Job Board that has these whisper jobs from other GTM leaders.  
Them: I love an intro. That'd be awesome.  
Me: Yeah, you got it. Andy's the man. Very, very kind and sort of cool person. I'll get you guys in touch. He generally just fair warning, he prefers to have someone fill out this link first. So I'll send you that if that's okay. But he's. Yeah, you're right up. His alley in the exact kind of person he's going to want to talk to. So he'll reach out personally after that. But, yeah, he's. He's. That's just sort of his best streaming. Yeah, that's one option. You know, I think it's hard, man, like, just to put. On the career coach hat even as an AI Founder.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: I'm thinking, am I being left behind because I'm sat here instructing other people to code when maybe I should be sat here doing the actual building myself, which is a little bit more so where I have come now, and to weave in some of the things that. That are also germane to what you're interested in and sort of more broadly, I'll send you these only slightly pretentious medium articles that I've written about it. I have a more of a theoretical interest in productivity because I think that my big question is, why is this so many AI tools and they all fucking suck? Like, almost all of them suck. There's no, like, genre defining tool in most categories. Even something like Harvey that's raising a ton of money. Candidly, I either speak to lawyers that have never heard of it or only have bad things to say about it. You know, so it's, it's, it's. One of those things where to build an AI product is extremely hard. To build something that scale is crazy hard. But my thinking is the ways to sort of meet the consumer where they are is my feeling is that everyone's average level of technicalness is going to rise. Like even just getting people from. From looking up a phone directory to Google search was them leveling up. And then a Google search to a prompt is them leveling up. Right? So, long story short, my feeling is the the best products that I've seen are the ones that sort of give you the ability to personalize the productivity more closely. They're less rigid. It's more of like, a playground, but like a playground. Like, Logan loves playground. She's like. Takes photos. Playgrounds in, like, Spain. It's like one of her fucking, like, Barcelona playgrounds, you know? It's, like, beautifully designed and stuff, but very ergonomic, but still open, open. Ended for what you can do.  
Them: I love that. I love that. Well, speaking of productivity, I. Given how much Bree was telling me that you're kind of, like, hacking these productivity tools, like Calendly and. And Howie and. And all of this, like. Look, if you wouldn't mind, I'd love to just see what you're at, what you're doing and how. You're doing it.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah. So Howie, which luckily you're familiar with, so I'll be able to jump straight to the good stuff. I essentially just with Howie. It's funny, I still cannot figure out. My guess is Howie is like, mostly AI with like, human backup, hence the lag and why they probably their pricing would indicate that. They're essentially, you pay for having someone on call to address all of your stuff. And it's interesting, right, because it's a high. Like, there's a low tolerance for failure. If my investor gets annoyed at Howie, which has happened a few times, not going to get any annoyed part, but, like, getting in a loop. It looks really bad. And so it's high consequence. Right. Which is something I heard the superhuman guy talk about a lot. It was that it's a very like zero failures or kind of acceptable in this. In this environment. But even with Calendly. Right. Can't just screw up a calendar booking. So, you know, for me, I think one of my advantages is that I naturally think in systems terms. And so I was able to plot out for myself, okay, I'll probably need something that factors in my working hours. I'll probably need something that factors in my different durations of meetings. I'll want to give it rules around. Now, these rules are pretty complex, right? And nothing would really be able to, like, just infer that from pure. What do you call it? From pure. Hold on, I'm not showing it correctly. From pure, just sort of context in the, in the email. And also, you want to be slick, right? You don't want to say hey Howie, like a frickin nerd typing at every fucking detail, right? You want to be slick and say how you want to chat. With this person, set it up. So what I do is I add these little tags in white text at the bottom that has corresponding tags in the Howie preferences, and then I give it, essentially, I tell it when there's a star, that means it's active. So trigger it. And I'll essentially. And this is still clunkier than I would like, but I will essentially just delete, you know, just wipe away the one. So it will be okay. I want. You know? Over here. I want this. So hold on. I should zoom in a little more. So this would be. I want you to exclamations immediately. So as quickly as possible, book this general lead. There are specific rules around, like what days, what leads are going to be booked. Which was actually a really big unblock for me. It was something I actually. I remember now. I wanted to tell someone a calendar. Booking app that, like, one of the cool things for me was, like, if I only have certain days for certain work, I can stack those up back to back more easily. So if I have, like, a calendar, that's just my VC calendar, which, incidentally, not all of us want to look this fucking free. Some of us want to look like we have more things to do than a fully empty calendar. So I actually have to like my VC calendar. I like Fudge. I have to, like, have all these workarounds to make it look more busy than it is. And then it comes off looking too regular and stuff. But anyway, that's just a little inside baseball in the mind of a slightly psychotic founder. But this was sort of the most elegant way I found to do it super quickly. So I would say, hey, you know how.  
Them: No, no. This is.  
Me: We? Which incidentally, superhumans also trying to come after Howie's breakfast. They just launched something where they're auto generating your availability. They were doing that? Briefly. They seem to have switched that flag off. But anyway, that's another thing that they were doing. I was seeing them do that. But, yeah, you essentially say, Howie,  
Them: I see they were superhuman. Were just like. Because they're in their email client already. They just generated inside the email.  
Me: Exactly. Exactly. Based on these. So for superhuman, my flow is generally I'll press command J, I'll turn on my whisper sync, or, like, voice. Voice recorder. Essentially, my dictation. It'll populate this, press Enter, and it's like the six out of ten. Seven out of ten. I presume that's. One of the reasons they merged with Grammarly. They wanted their generative tech to get better. But, yeah, that seems to be where they're going is very like end to end, sort of like you will live with. I think that's what everyone sort of, sort of trying to go for is what is our way of defining a walled garden for ourselves. Because I presume everyone's come to the same. Conclusion which is the only edge will be data. So the more of it you can hold away, but in a way that is not going to let the EU go after you, is going to be the holy grail of the UX or whatever ecosystem solution.  
Them: Yeah, it's interesting. Yeah, like for us. Our bad. So if you actually look at our customer base, they are. Predominantly people who sell their time. Tax advisors, coaches, therapists, those sorts of folk. And so the relationship is a relationship and time are, like, really, really important. To them. And so we're not trying to go and build, like, a superhuman competitor. What we're trying to be able to start from the relationship. Right? Like, so essentially, these customers don't have CRM. Like, a lot of them are, like, Hacky Notion, or maybe they've got a free version of HubSpot. But it's, like, really shitty for them. We're going to start there. And so we will photo draft emails and do all that around the relationship. And then it would obviously get sent from whatever email client that you have. We're not trying to be all of your email and all of your calendar. I think, like, longer term, I think we could. Move more. Like I said, we're. We're mostly like relationship management. Not productivity overall. Which. Which I think for a lot of customers, they'd be like, well, like, you are the match. And you're like, well, I'm in superhuman deep. I want to. For everything that I'm doing. And, you know, what we're building might not be. Not be right, but I think for these folk, where their whole thing is relationships and time. It could be. So we'll see.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: That's the better.  
Me: Yeah. I mean, it's interesting, right, with that group because like, for instance, I've been talking to my mother in law and my sister in law, their therapists. I've been trying to get them to modernize. I can actually ask them, actually. That'd be pretty. I'd be an interesting exercise. I could try to set up my mother in law with Calendly. She's ironically the more receptive of the two. But, you know, I say all of that to say one of the things they were complaining about was just like, It's just when all of their systems are old school. Any one system becoming new school is still a massive pain point. That seems to be the thing, like, a lot of the times when I think about, because I'm very much that guy that's like, oh, let me help set X up. And so over the years, I've developed an intuition for how much I can help someone and more importantly, like, how much help is even. Worth offering, because sometimes, like, it just ends up being more. And I presume that also extends to products, right? How much can you help your user? How much can you help make it easier for a user before it's just a dumb product?  
Them: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think that's a great point. And, like, for our customers, a lot of them are the. The beauty of counties are scale. So we jump to the chasm, right? Like, we are really, you know, we've got millions of customers.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: And it means that our revenue has actually been pretty protected from innovation from the hares and whatever. But we are. In July, we're going to launch all these new products. Like the CRM. The. Well, we're calling it a executive system. We'll figure out the exact name. But it's a bunch of stuff for you around scheduling and kind of email automation, all that. But so to lie is the big time. And then I'd love to get like, you know, your mother in law, whoever it is, on it right now. If they went in, it would very much like scheduling plus like an outtaker. But we're sprinting towards it, and it should be. Should be interesting.  
Me: That's fucking cool, man.  
Them: This is really helpful in your flaw. I won't bury the lead, but, like, you'd be the sort of person that I would imagine co op or CEO would love to, like, talk to and hire. But, like, you're not. You're are. You're in the entrepreneurial thing.  
Me: I'm super. I'm super open to it. I honestly am, because my main goal is to make sure the team gets taken care of, that we sort of exit well. But, yeah, I'm super open to that. In fact, I've genuinely been meaning to try to get a little bit more into sort of. Product consulting and especially in this sort of productivity space. So if there are opportunities there, I'm so willing to listen. And just pitch in and be helpful. I got great references, so guys love me.  
Them: Well, let me. Let me try with Tope. I know he just hired a couple, so we. We. We've been on a kind of like a retuning of our R and D team. We used to. The strategy about two years ago was take scheduling a market. So we hired this kind of product team that were like, enterprise software people. And so we've been retooling that. I know we just hired a couple of folks, but I'm pretty sure he's got a couple more senior roles, so he probably loved to chat to you anyway just to understand your stuff. And he's a great person to know. He's very well connected, all those sorts of things.  
Me: I have heard very good things about him. I've heard genuinely really good things about him, so that would be super cool.  
Them: All right, mate. That's awesome. Thank you so much. And apologies again for.  
Me: No. All good, man. All good. Hey, catch you soon. I'm gonna be in Boston this week. Maybe I'll tell Logan, see if you and Brinley could come out, get a beer. Cool.  
Them: Awesome co. Ol?  
Me: Catch you soon, man.  
Them: Bye. 