Meeting Title: Vrijen Attawar and Kai Song

Calendar Event ID: 64f4bbc7-376d-4000-a87c-c565c69c1d3b

Attendee Emails: email: kaisong@seavoice.ai
name: Kaisong

Creator Email: vrijen@mycareerspan.com

Transcript:

 
Them: Hello. I think you are muted, so I can't hear you yet.  
Me: Christ. Oh, hey, no problem.  
Them: Hello.  
Me: Hey, how's it going?  
Them: I'm good. I can't see you yet, by the way. Okay? Now.  
Me: Hey, how's the day going?  
Them: You good.  
Me: Yeah, it's cool.  
Them: I was on the call, so I was a couple of minutes late and just wanted a short break in between.  
Me: No, all good. Are you from Singapore originally?  
Them: I'm from Malaysia. Are you from Singapore?  
Me: I used to live in Singapore. Yeah. So I was trying to place the accent. Somewhat close, I suppose.  
Them: I've been telling people that I'm from Singapore sometimes because people just don't know where Malaysia is.  
Me: Which is crazy to me, but it's a huge country. But yeah. Anyway. Americans. They are who they are. Not as wise in the ways of the rest of the world, but it's really cool to meet. Obviously. Been a founder for a minute, but is this your third venture you're going on?  
Them: This is my second. Venture that is going through the VC round. I have built like two other nonprofits, and I kind of spend the last eight months having a slight social enterprise when I was just exploring things. So I care a lot about education. So that's why I built a lot of nonprofits and social enterprises in that space.  
Me: I love that. Wait, are you part of the Future of Higher Education group?  
Them: No. What is that?  
Me: Oh, my God. You got to join. So it's Fohee f o h e org. It's 5000 of.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: The best. Really prominent ed leaders. Operators, founders, even just folks that are doing cooler, interesting things. It's selective process in the sense that they screen. And try to be somewhat selective, but obviously I think you'd be a great candidate. And if you're interested in that and have already done work and Ed, then you might want to join that community.  
Them: Sure. Yeah, I'll check it out. Are you part of the community?  
Me: Yeah. They're very active in New York. I go to most, if not all, of their events, and I've met some really great folks through fohi. I know the founders quite well as well. So we're going to partner with them and offer our product to fohi. We've built a hiring solution based on career coaching.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: That we are putting out to communities like Voji. Yeah.  
Them: Cool. So you messaged me that you wanted to learn more about the residency. Or is there something that I can specific that you would like to know?  
Me: Yeah, I want to learn a little bit more about the residency one or also sort of just probe, generally speaking around any hiring needs you might have or if that was a part of your next step plans. Because I know you mentioned that this is your second VC funded once. I'm assuming that there's already funding in through the door. And that's just. We're in talks with Marvin. To actually officially support Marvin founders. So I wanted to take the chance to sound that out and sort of just get your thoughts on how hiring is going.  
Them: Yeah, we haven't actively started hiring yet. I do have a tech co founder so it has mostly but dangerous me and him building. Once we kind of like, if we do close, like, a bigger round, then we will start thinking about this. But, yeah, do tell me a bit more about Careerspan. Is this like a platform that you look for talent, or is this like kind of like a headhunting company? How does it work?  
Me: Yeah, absolutely. We started our life as a career coaching product. And built that out quite well. So over the last year, we've recorded, I think we're approaching 2,000 hours of coaching across 3,000 signups. It's built up a decent head of steam around usage and around that core user motion of self reflection. But what we realized was, hey, it sucks to charge. Job seekers, right? Well, we can instead do is leverage the data that we collect during the career coaching and use that to provide better matching. It also enables semantic evaluation of candidates as opposed to just keyword evaluation. You could describe your ideal person, and we would map that onto the kind of person implied by the stories that people have told. So it's a way of getting more high fidelity signal into who someone is and who they would be on your team as opposed to just superficially screening them for the right skills. We also act as an ats, so you can essentially hand out our link anywhere. So instead of apply through Greenhouse, it would be applied through Careerspan. So you save yourself obviously a ton of money in the ATS process and you only see the 2% to 5% of resumes that you should be spending your time on.  
Them: I see. And are these, like, kind of like younger crowds? Because you mentioned about career coaching, university partnerships. Are these, like, more like your fresh grad kind of engineers that you mostly target?  
Me: So that's the interesting thing. Kristan is sort of for everyone. Last week was talking to a Hugo Award winning science fiction writer that uses us. I've talked to the former chief of staff in Netflix that's a user. We also have like hvac technicians and fresh grads. And it is a very large. I think what it more so speaks to is the fact that it is actually a very broadly applicable technology that people from all walks of life crave the desire to be engaged within that way. A lot of folks think the answer is video interviews, and I actually just recorded a podcast where I ranted against those. But they're actually the worst of all solutions. They drive away your top candidates, and they don't actually help the rest of your candidate pool present themselves in an effective way. Right. You're kind of more so losing great, potentially good candidates versus gaining them.  
Them: Although I do have, like, something to add on that video interview. I help a company build, like, an AI interview solution. And one thing that, like, I realized is that I agree with you. I agree with your observation for people maybe of my age or, like, older than me. But one thing that really surprised me was that for the younger gen Alphas and Gen Z's. They really prefer having an AI to speak to them. I don't know what it says about the world, but it is what it is. They were like, I feel so. Like, I feel like I'm not judged by a human.  
Me: Yeah. Please. Let me for context, is this an AI interview prep tool or an AI interviewing hiring tool?  
Them: It's a hiring tool.  
Me: Ok, so I actually want to use your same logic and flip that on you because I agree with you. That actually we've seen across the board, folks feel more comfortable. Talk about observation. Is correct. What I would challenge is, is AI Interview company doing what you're describing. What you're describing is what we do, which is a positive, constructive, facilitative experience interview is not that right? The fact that they're more comfortable. Talking to an AI over an interviewer is a good game, but is that the gain in the solution space.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: I would almost say, whereas our feeling is if an interview isn't getting you more data than an alternate approach, it's not worth it. And so I would say that the idea behind a coaching first approach is to essentially achieve exactly what you described, which is to make it a more encouraging experience. While simultaneously learning more about folks.  
Them: I mean, I'm not tied to, like, I need to, like, I learned your interviews. I think it was just, like, a very interesting insight, right? Because when I first built it, I thought that, like, oh, this could be, like, a very inhumane experience, like, if I were to go to an interview and there was just, like, an AI, I would think that, like, I'm not being, like, taken seriously by the stakeholders. But, yeah, like, when we did, like, feedback, they were like, oh, I feel that I am able to express myself better because I'm not nervous. If I see somebody, I feel that I'm just like, brain freezers. I don't know how to say things in a way that's not like not being judged.  
Me: Yeah, we don't feel that you. Should actually also clarify that, to be fair to you, when I was referring, I was referring explicitly to the higher view model of vri. I can actually see how an AI interviewer is better than a human interviewer in the sense that they can actually be trained to be a lot more consistent. Right. In how they interrogate people.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: And the kind of information they get. And so actually, I would withdraw my. I would say my critique more so applies to video interviewing tools as opposed to aimed at interviewing tools.  
Them: Y. Eah. Yeah. I think AIs can be trained to be a lot more empathetic than potentially a human that has been sitting through, like, eight hours of interview and then you just look really broad, like, annoyed. Things like that.  
Me: We don't appreciate the extent to which these things affect real outcomes and talk about bias in AI. I think we don't often talk about all of the biases of humans, right? And the ways in which AI can help standardize that, I think is an awesome thing. I would actually love to talk to that company as well. We're in talks with a couple of interviewing companies that we've discussed. Like, hey, what if we piped over our data to you? Is that valuable to have a cross reference of someone's coaching information when you're interviewing them? So I don't know if that's of interest or if partnerships are a growth strategy for that company, but if there's interest, I would love to talk to them.  
Them: Yeah. So I don't actually think it's rare value because they are based out of Malaysia and Singapore. So it's a very different talent pool and the kind of clientele that they are serving is in the Asia market, which is quite different. But I did meet somebody in the residency, she's no longer living here, but feel free to reach out to her and if you can reach her, I can help you drop a message if you can't connect with LinkedIn. So she runs this company called Asendia AI. I don't know whether you heard about them. They also started off doing a lot more on a video like AI interviewer. But as time goes by they realize that for them to close better sales, they need to have an end to end process, including having good data sources. So right now they are very focused on gathering data whether it's from Zoom info or from other third party data like sources.  
Me: Gotcha. Co. Ol? Thank you so much.  
Them: So it might be like an interesting kind of partnership with them. If you have a large source of candidates.  
Me: Yeah, if they're looking for data, I will guarantee it. Say we have the best in the market. At least when it comes to the level of nuance that we can draw out. We have almost 1000 parameters that we analyze. Yeah. If you could help me get in touch with either of these founders, Rehab or baddies. Would be incredibly valuable to us.  
Them: Yeah, maybe if you could, like, let me just drop you my send you my number.  
Me: Yeah, you got it.  
Them: And then. And if you send me a blurb, I will just forward it on to rehab, and then if she's interested to speak, I will connect the both of you.  
Me: Amazing. Yeah, that would be so good.  
Them: Yeah. I don't know what is her staging? Gathering data. But yeah, if she is still kind of actively looking for data partners, it feels like you have something great to offer to her.  
Me: Yeah. Absolutely. Thank you for keeping us in mind. Where has your experience at the residency been? How did you find out about it? How did you sort of decide to go there? Just in the time that we are remaining as well, I want to make sure that I sort of fully understand your experience as well.  
Them: Yeah. So I was building, like, after I exited my startup, I was part of, like, 500 global KLS AI residency. So they have a fund based out of Southeast Asia, and they have basically opened up their office for AI builders to come in and work together, collaborate on projects and stuff, do shows and tells every week. It was really amazing, and I've met tons of great people. So one of the managing partners was, like, bringing a couple of Malaysians to the residency because he visited the residency, thought it was really cool, and wanted to give us at least the same experience. Yeah. So he made us some kind of warm introductions and went through some application processes and managed to kind of get in so that's. How we like. It was really like leap of faith. Because if you go to the residency website, It doesn't provide a lot of information.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: And after they accept you, they are like, please wire over, like, $3,600 for the deposit and the first month. So at some point I'm just like, is this a scam? Would I turn up and there's no house? Because you just wise the person some money, right? It's not even like a proper stripe platform and stuff. Here's an account. It's like pretty dodgy at that moment. But yeah, this is really great. I'm living in these 18 bedroom mansion. And that is about 28 founders or some of us. They like shared rooms, and everyone is building something really cool. So just being surrounded by all these people are, like, pretty interesting.  
Me: That sounds so awesome.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: I would, absolutely. I think maybe for the next startup that'd be a really cool experience. I'm assuming it's for folks that are at the earlier stage.  
Them: There are people so I met like rehab here. I believe they have raised quite some money.  
Me: Yeah, they seem pretty far along. Yeah. Yeah, actually, it's a good point.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: So it's like different people at different stages. It's more of like a builder community. So if you're actively building, you're a founder, or if you are in really early stages or I'm a researcher, but I want to potentially build something, is the space for you to experiment. And I think having people at different stages also helps because then you can speak to rehab about how did you raise, how did you get your first US Customers, et cetera. Yeah. How about you recently pivoted to do hiring for Careerspan because you said you previously did coaching. Right.  
Me: That's right. So we built out a coaching product for most of the first two years. Two and a half years, actually. And then it was over the last two or three months that we've moved more in a hiring sort of direction, which is a little ironic because we're finally hitting really strong consumer numbers that feel really good. And so we're trying to drive a little bit more momentum there. As well. Yeah. No, realistically, it's more so. That's. What's it called? The. Sorry, I'm totally sort of blanking on the point I was trying to make. My cat is, like, just really bothering to crap out of me. I just need to move away from here for a second. No, but we've been doing it for a little bit. Oh, yeah, that's right. So we've been doing for a little bit of time, three months or so. We have some conversations going, like with Marvin. There are a couple of vcs that are actually interested in using Careerspan. And that's the direction that I expect us to be able to monetize most immediately. Is actually vcs with talent. Pools that need to raise that need. If there is an 10 million dollar fund and deploying to six companies, they can project how many founding engineers they want. They can project how many sort of founding designers they want. But they also don't want to. And so there's an incentive to build a pipeline that without revealing the companies or tipping your hand. That's something Careerspan could do, because we could essentially have these shielded job descriptions that you can put out when you're in stealth. But you can gather up candidates along the way by giving out the Careerspan link. That is just a link to Careerspan plain website. You also get to see these candidates develop for your job, right? Because you can track the signal of oh, someone signed up and then they did three stories. I know they really care about this job. Right, so you get a much better indicator of intent as well.  
Them: So for the company. Have you raised a significant amount of funding, or is this like a bootstrap?  
Me: All right, so we raised 1.5 in total.  
Them: Order.  
Me: So we raised 250 and a friends and family a million in a seed round and then another 250 in a sort of seed two to keep us going a little bit further. Yeah, I think now we're less keen on trying to raise money. Candidly, there's a couple of companies that are trying to do similar stuff that have raised a ton of money. So we're almost thinking three years in, if we can maintain momentum and sort of fatten the company up a little bit. We're pretty good acquisition target. We have great relationships with big communities that we can immediately take. We have embedded users that have built out a repository of information, and we have a great brand.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: So it's a no brainer for a lot of companies to try to acquire us or at least try to leverage that. To take up. And so effectively it's like, okay, let's go on low power mode and try to get revenue through the door instead of trying to raise again and having lack of clarity on how everything's going to work out.  
Them: The other person I know that is in the kind of, like, talent space. Is this? Are these people that are building this company called Coffee Space? They also started off as like kind of like a matchmaking platform. So is your career coaching? It's more like co founding relationship. But then I think, I believe they are also currently looking into hiring and things like that.  
Me: Oh, yeah. Yeah.  
Them: So it feels like that's just like a natural way to get revenue quickly because your consumer payability on things such as significantly lower than a company.  
Me: Exactly. Exactly. No, I actually know the male founder of Coffee Space. I believe there's two.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: So I think Razeem or something like that is this name a really lovely guy. Heard him speak at an event in sf. He was just great. That's a good reminder to retrack out to him. Maybe if I need a little extra push, I may ask for you to put in a good word, but Yeah, I never. Briefly so I think he would be responsive. Yeah. Hiring is such a tough game. I mean, it's so broken right now. And it's just unfortunate to see how much people are struggling. So we're trying to make it a little better. Yeah.  
Them: Cool. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, I'll definitely reach out to you if I have any hiring needs in the next couple of months.  
Me: Please. Yeah. And thank you for sharing your experience about the residency. I'll look into it further than would love to reach out if I feel like I'm ready for it one day.  
Them: Yeah, all the best. Sure. Okay? Yeah. Cool. See you around then. In maybe the next Marvin's course and stuff. Otherwise, send me the blurb, I can forward it to rehab and if she wants to speak, I'll happy to make a work connection. Otherwise? Yeah, otherwise.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: In this kind of small pivot.  
Me: Thank you so much, Kai. Really appreciate it. If there's anyone I can help with or any way I can be useful, please let me know.  
Them: Okay? Yeah.  
Me: Catch you later. Bye. 