I'm going to record this because I actually, my PR person is asking for these actually by the end of the week. Some of my bets for the year are gangbusters years for the top recruiters that capture a ton of value, particularly ones that manage to navigate large talent pools at scale or have highly talent dense talent pools to begin with. I suspect we're already seeing trends around like the highest earners, like mid to senior year. Senior hiring is going up and is actually being paid more. Junior hiring is cratering. So that's another sort of trend that we're seeing. And I think by and large, we have actually seen a good amount of success and interest from recruiting companies because they, how do I say it? We've seen a good amount of interest from these recruiting companies because they effectively are out of ideas for how to get to talent. Because LinkedIn is saturated and you can't just post to job boards anymore. Inbound is terrible. And so what do you do, right? You want to go for highly curated pools of talent, highly refined. It's like, you know, me selling like refined gold as opposed to like, you know, just the ore. And that is sort of by suspicion for where at least the recruiting agencies are going to be motivated. But I still think that founders are not going to have the time or the patience to navigate a lot of this. So they're increasingly going to pay for recruiting or like nouveau recruiting models. Why don't they work on the filing. This isn't going toゲ這個是 bot time in, to the broadcasting channels. Let's keep in trouble here. Let's arrangirls. Let's do this.  Please, please. I joined a recruiting, a startup recruiting firm here in San Diego in 2010. And for the first six months, LinkedIn was huge. And it was expensive for me at the time. I was a poor motherfucker. And still, I had 45 minutes. Maybe that's not appropriate. But I had to LinkedIn recruiter at the time. I can't remember what it was. It was like $100 a month. $150 a month. So I landed three firm deals in the first six months, direct in-mails. Because I was paying. Wow. CEO, CFO come to me. And they're like, hey, do you be willing to present? No, I actually went to them. I said, hey, I want to present to the team. Because I think we can make more money as an organization if everybody pays for their own LinkedIn recruiter. I go into the meeting. I'm like, look, these deals weren't big. I made like $4K, $5K, $6K, right? Something like that. And I said, look, I made this amount of money. This is what I spend. And so my ROI is like $1,000 on what I spent. Wow. And literally not a single fucking recruiter in my LinkedIn recruiter after that presentation. And so... People are insane, man. People are all loss aversion and it's not going... Yeah. Yeah. They're all loss aversion and it's not going to be a good thing. They're all loss aversion and it's not going to be a good thing. They're all loss aversion and it's not going to be a good thing.  Yes, yes. And one of the things that I'm congruent with this is our magic linking system. So you effectively, you give us a JD, you can optionally send a voice message about what kind of person would be good for the role. So sort of qualitative matching, you know, the unrevealed preferences, in other words, if you want. And we can use that to essentially go out and post the link anywhere. In fact, ideally, they would just start posting the link in all sorts of places knowing that they don't have to clean up, right? They just get folks filtered and they just see the end result of it. And we're charging about two, three hundred bucks a month for that per role. And it's proving to be pretty sort of solid for founders who essentially, you know, their work is reduced to thinking really hard one time about who they want and then just reaping the rewards of that.  Remember, you're doing everything right in the same direction. It's just so funny. We're all saying, fuck you, colleges. You're stupid. Let's go to the people who will be in that for-profit businesses. They're going to pay money. And yeah, colleges are for-profit, but they move slow. They can't think in a business mindset. So what you guys are doing, and I think ultimately, the biggest thing about creating a marketplace is you just got to get as many fucking people on your platform as possible. Yep, yep.  Yeah, yeah, it's tough, it's tough, but hey, you know, I think the team is taking it in their stride, even the folks that are, sort of know that they're at risk of maybe being dropped at the turn of the year are leaning in, so, you know, we're gonna give it the fucking all that we got, I think there's still a lot of time before the Fat Lady Sings, you know?  How much pain can you take on? And then like, how are you, if you haven't read the science of scaling or like that 10x book, like those books will just totally reframe how you spend all your time. And that's, that's what I'm doing. I'm like, every activity has to be moving me towards 10x of what I'm making now in terms of my app. So it's like, right, everything you do, and it will help you really manage your time much better. So that's, that's what I'm trying to do. Jeff, what are, what is the nature of your like, um, recruiting relationships, if you wouldn't mind like giving me just a, an overview so that I can understand like, in the strategic landscape, how that, how, how that could be relevant to us. Yeah, man, like, it's fucking crazy.  Jesus. Oh man, dude, you must have fucking crushed. You are so, you were like made in a lab to be a recruiter, Jeff. And I don't mean that as a disrespect. I think when it's done well, it's an incredible function, you know? But it takes a kind of person to do it well.  I bet.  Oh man. Yeah. It changed when the company changed. But my recruiter relationships are fucking crazy. So if you ever need me or like we want to discuss how opening doors to that market, that was my idea two years ago, man. I always thought that this was the market. So let's get creative about how we have it. Do you have a little more time right now? Because I'd love to just sound this out. So for context, we've already – okay, so these have been the recent wins. And I think there's a way for us to essentially get this fucking marketplace off the ground. And I'll just be transparent. Logan and I are very Wheeler and Dealer-y in that we are so okay with like sharing the pie and sort of like making sure that – but you already know that when I say that to say I would love to figure out what is optimal for your burn rate and for your priorities for all of your other businesses if we can find something that is like obviously the most synergistic. But for us – so the most interest we've had is from three recruiting agencies or essentially folks that source from recruiters to be more accurate. Superposition, LaunchSam, and Matchbox out of Australia. They've all been like really dying to like just engage with us or get candidates to us, which to me speaks to the fact that despite all of their talk, I don't think they actually have very good tech to distinguish good candidates from bad. In fact, I'm willing to bet that – I'm going to be a little arrogant for a second – I was right all fucking along, you can't actually make meaningful matches off of just resumes, especially when someone can totally fabricate a resume, right? I think career span is the answer and it's the answer because it is a much harder to deceive mechanism for storing your experiences that also measures you more effectively. But that's all sort of the long game. In the short run, what we're telling these folks is you come in with a role you need to place. Obviously, you get a bounty. Give us a cut of that. We will go out and post all over with this career span link, all over to the best communities, not just on Indeed or on LinkedIn or wherever you can post. We would go to the next place or we would go to the FOE's and post around there. And last but not least, we would – what do you call it? Like just give them the candidates, take a split of the commission when they get paid and move on. And that's something that we could effectively massively open up talent pools for recruiters to the extent that I think one day we could actually pit recruiters against each other for the top talent and eventually split the take with the talent, right? If there's like really – and this speaks to my point about like the split in wages, I actually think the future is going to involve fewer, more extremely highly paid people who are like athletes is sort of my view. I think the talent agent model is nigh, in other words.